Hey
hey
hey doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo.
be
deep.
Hey
What?
Down
beat 12 be 3.
What?
Something in the air tonight.
I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm fine. And if I told you, you'd be
mad this time. I've counled all the ones
like me in the school of friendship.
Honestly,
there [__] sake.
Hold steady.
I'
let you heard it all before. I need you
to repeat myself. You listen now. You
think I think I know you. You said you
think you're the best.
Mad
took it all away. The only thing I want
is to live another day. Every pony says
they'll give you a second chance.
But deep down they never
deep like that. I was broken was not
going to break again. If I do my best or
raless
despite your mess,
you know it.
You know it.
You know it. I can live forever just
like you.
Pieces of the puzzle without you. I'm
the only
clue of metaphor. [__] the noise. We've
got solidarity with you. So stay mad.
You'll be mad this time. This time this
time
I think I know you know. You said you
think you're the best.
Yeah. Yeah.
You'll be moon moonlight
glow. You'll be moonlight glow.
Right.
Moon moon moonlight glow. Moonlight
glow.
Yeah. Okay.
What's next here?
Aha. Okay.
True. Real
to be moonlight
glow.
To be moonlight
to be moon
like glow.
Moonlight.
Moonlight glow.
It's all about moonlight glow.
Okay, nice. Um,
hello everyone.
Um,
good morning for me. Or no, wait, this
is my afternoon technically. 3:00 in the
morning is my afternoon.
I don't sleep for like another 7 8
hours.
Um,
how is everyone today? Uh, today's
stream is going to be pretty
pretty laidback.
Uh, I have uh lineup of things I want to
play
uh from here on, but today not doing any
of those. Just chilling out, I think.
Um, I actually reinstalled Red Dead. I'm
going to like maybe play through it
really casually just for fun cuz uh
I really I really miss playing it.
But I'll probably just be mostly
chilling out today.
Um,
made some music today.
Did a little work.
I have like 300 people to respond to.
Um
I don't know how many people I have to
speak to each and every day.
That's a very big number.
And uh I'm introverted.
That's not not the best for me. Um
let's see. 300 is an exaggeration, but
that's a lot of people. Um,
oh my goodness.
Oh my goodness. Okay.
Uh, where's my pon though?
I don't know how many we've missed cuz I
didn't stream yesterday.
Do I know whatever, etc., etc.
Okay. I don't know what that is,
which was technically yesterday.
Well, I'm sorry about your legs
exploding.
Serpent dance.
Easy.
Vanished. Sorcerer knight. Stinkle bug.
Nice.
That's Harbor. I could tell from the uh
blue switches of my Corsair keyboard
from 2018.
Okay. Well, this one's completely
silent.
There is actually zero audio
transmitting from this. I'm looking at I
have a meter on my other screen and
there's ab it's absolutely zero.
It's literally just zero.
Okay. Thinking what could what could it
what could have complete utter silence?
Absolutely zero dB
or technically not zero dB but negative
infinity dB is the correct term.
Um,
well, that's that one part of Penumbra
where there's nothing happening for like
two seconds.
[__] Okay.
How to kill a monster.
I guess that makes sense.
Let's do this one.
Is there a Yeah. Well, that's because
decibb is a relative measurement and not
a true measurement.
Is it a different kind of magic or
different kind of magic with no a does
it matter? I don't know. Sometimes it's
like angry, sometimes it doesn't.
Different kind of magic. No way.
Tell Equestria. I think it's that's
it's uh
that feeling I get in my heart.
Hello. Peace.
No matter what. 2023.
No wave. No matter what. Actually,
that's a question. Do we still have the
no wave tag on that?
I make music. Okay, let's find out.
Um,
it does have the no wave tag on it
still.
Who's voting for this?
9 to three.
Shout out. No matter wave. No wave.
What? I don't know.
Digital zero sounds like a track from 11
pony stack. That's true.
Um I was recently listening to uh I
found something new.
Well, not new. It's from like 1982, but
listening to uh to this
There we go.
like like super into this just sounded
today. I don't know how I actually
completely forgot how I found it.
It might have been some Reddit thread.
Why does the song currently playing give
Monarch vibes? Because Monarch was
inspired by no wave of music. That
probably is why
burning spironic youth. Yeah, early
early Sonic youth. no way of stuff like
uh
I mean
like
basically
Yeah.
When was this? 1982. Yeah, that's about
right. And it was in New Sonic Youth
from New York. So,
it's funny cuz uh when I was first
listening to Sonic Youth, it was mostly
like this era of Sonic Youth here. I
haven't really heard much else.
Um and then only when I was getting
really into like the No Wave scene did I
find out that like Sonic Youth was part
of that.
funny. It's like it actually makes a lot
of sense because uh you know a lot of
their their mid- era music was uh very
noisy. I mean later era too, but like
especially uh Daydream Nation and Goo
like these albums being very noisy and
and very experimental in that in that
respect. Experimenting with a lot of
dissonance and uh it just it just made a
lot of sense.
They do have a lot of music.
Um,
but
oh yeah. Um,
if you if you weren't around for when I
was talking about the development of
Monarch before Monarch came out, I was
talking a lot about how I had gotten
very deep into researching the the No
Wave scene, uh, circa 1978 through 1983
New York,
uh, post punk no wave music.
And uh it was a very very big
inspiration to to Monarch. And the
reason why I had heard about it in the
first place is because uh Dog's Body by
Model Actress was t tagged that and I
really liked that album and I was like
no idea what this No Wave tag is. I
can't show the I can't show Dog's Body
cuz the cover is inappropriate. I don't
have my filters on for my Air Music
account or whatever.
Um,
yeah.
Although the the new Model X tries dials
but dials back that sound quite a bit.
So, I was sort of sad about that, but
it's whatever. It is what it is.
Oh, yeah. You you you clocked that. You
clocked that.
I heard that 2007 remix of a song
two
2007 remix of a song. What?
Parents are into into very eclectic and
weird music. That's a good thing. That's
always a good thing.
I like flip-flop very often.
A 2007 remix.
I don't really understand what you're
saying.
Really liked Monarch and she said said
she sent it to her friend who happens to
be Billy Gold basis of Faith No More.
Interesting.
That's that is that is very cool. Line
writer. I don't think so.
Yeah.
Is that that's not music or is it game?
What is line writer? Help. I immediately
thought it was music.
It's a game. I should have been on
Glitchwave then.
Oh, this game. Oh, I was actually just
looking at uh
I was just looking at this
I don't remember why I was just looking
at this.
Or was it this? No. Yeah, it was it was
I think I was watching this cuz of I was
I had some um some dank pods video
playing and he started playing it on the
iPad, I think.
Yeah, I think that's why I was why I was
looking at it.
Shout out D as well.
Um,
sausage rolls.
We should do uh
I have I have plans for Promise Complex
to do some [__] with like really
annoying rapid changes in in time
signatures. I feel like that song or
whatever songs those end up being will
be fun for rhythm games of any kind. I
do not like rhythm games very much. For
some reason, I'm not very good at them.
You would think I am because I I play
instruments and make music, but for
whatever, I just can't. I felt like a
big part of it is cuz they're not
instruments and it's like the input
delays and and differences with like
like keyboards and mice just don't feel
right. For whatever reason,
I try I take the rhythm so literally
that like
I'm not I'm not accounting for how
different a computer is handling it.
A rhythm game with a piano would be
cool. Mini game a MIDI controller rhythm
game would be fire actually. That
actually might be something I play.
I have mozzarella sticks. Let's find out
if they're good.
They're like Okay.
nothing to write home about.
Okay.
So, I'm I'm I'm pretty sure I'm just
going to like
pretty sure I'm just going to put on
some Red Dead 2 again. I'm going to play
it from the start and see what uh
I'm I'm very curious about how the game
feels now that I played like 80 plus
hours of Red Dead 2 starting it from the
beginning. Um
I'm not going to play it, you know,
that's not going to be the next stream
thing. I'm not going to like go from
start to finish a second time on stream
necessarily, but maybe just
occasionally. Um, what I'm planning to
do next is, uh, the next game we're
going to be doing on stream, I'm pretty
sure, is going to be OneShot,
which people have been telling me to
play for years.
So, we're going to play One Shot,
but for now, just Red Dead 2. And I'll
probably just be reading chat a bit more
than usual since I've already played Red
Dead.
One shot, one stream.
It's game time for game.
And anytime I've played Red Dead, I
always feel like I need whiskey with me
for whatever reason.
It helps. It helps get you in character
a little bit.
Red Dead too.
Help.
We all say this.
Wait, is it starting me from the
Holy mackerel?
Actually, I forget. Can you like have
multiple save files?
If God speed was around in the 19th
century, who and why?
Gwen.
Hello, B.
Gwen, you have to start killing people
in real life with a revolver.
Um, I like staying out of jail
usually.
What if you get put in jail? What you
have to do is get like cartoon dynamite
like like just like bright red cartoon
dynamite and then blow a big hole in the
jail wall and run out while screaming at
the sheriff and be like, "Oh, you'll
never get me old sheriff." It'll work.
Trust me.
Okay, I believe it.
Help. Good help.
I I'm pretty sure I can have multiple
save games. Let me save this and name it
something.
Oh, wait. It's not going to let me name
it something.
Damn. Uh,
okay. It should be fine.
Oh, wait. I forgot this. This game's
really quiet.
I have to turn it up here. Uh,
where's my
change this like 200%.
That should be fine.
Trying to come up with a pony OC is hard
because despite the fact that
there is like a standardized way of
doing it, it's like daunting to try and
like compete with any other designs cuz
a lot have been made already.
That's kind of why so many of my
characters are alicorns cuz people are
scared of making alicorn OC's.
Yeah, actually this does kind of sound
like Godspeed.
just a little bit.
It is some drone [__]
I mean, Red Dead has like rock fusion
music in it, so
Tahiti Arthur.
We have to get to Tahiti Arthur.
Abigail says he's dying. Dutch, we'll
have to stop someplace.
Okay, Arthur's out looking. I sent him
up ahead.
If we don't stop soon, we'll all be
dying. This weather, it's May. I'm just
hoping the law got as lost as we did.
There.
Arthur, any luck?
I found a place where we can get some
shelter. Let Davey rest while he, you
know,
an old mine in town, abandoned. It ain't
far. Come on. Come on.
It's nice to see Arthur without
tuberculosis.
I don't want my Arthur to get TV.
Red Dead Redemption when blue live
relapse comes in.
There was like a part of my brain that
got really scared that that was going to
say blue lives matter.
Bring them in here.
Miss Gascal, get that fire lit quick.
Miss Jones, bring in whatever blankets
we have. Mr. Pearson, see what we've got
in terms of food.
Davey's dead.
There was nothing more you could have
done.
What are we going to do? We need
supplies.
Well, first of all, you're going to stay
here and you were going to get yourself
warm. Now, I sent John and Mike a scout.
Generally considered good.
Arth and I, we're going to ride out, see
if we can find one of them. And this
just for a short bit. And I don't see
what other choice we have. Well, let me
just put it this way when they're done
talking.
Listen,
listen to me all you for a moment.
Now, we've had
a bad couple of days.
I loved Davey,
Jenny,
Sean, Mac. They might be okay. We don't
know.
But we lost some folks.
Now, if I could throw myself in the
ground in theirstead,
I'd do it gladly.
But
we are going to ride out and we are
going to find some food. Everybody,
we're safe now. There ain't nobody
following us through a storm like this
one. And by the time they get here,
well, we're going to be we're going to
be long gone.
We've been through worse than this
before.
Mr. Pearson, Miss Grimshaw, I need you
to turn this place into a camp. We may
be here for a few days. Now, all of you,
all of you,
get yourselves warm.
Stay strong.
Stay with me.
We ain't done yet.
Come on, Arthur.
All right, we've got some work to do.
We ain't run into them yet, so they both
must have headed down the hill.
Sure. Hey,
I ain't had time to ask him.
What is my
Don't think I had it. It's fine.
What really went down back there on that
boat?
We missed you. That's what happened.
Come on.
Oh,
hey. Got to pass the 49 horses.
Oh, yeah. Hey, Mr. Smith. Get yourself
indoors. You need to rest that hand.
I'll live. Get indoors, son.
Okay. So, to answer your question,
is this game generally considered good?
Um, me personally,
I almost ubiquitously hate AAA games.
There are almost never any good AAA
games anymore. For like the past 10 plus
years, there have barely been any good
AAA games at all. Most of the good games
that ever exist are indie games.
Now, there's a there's a part of you
that could be like, "Oh, that's a really
good thing." Um, because you know, indie
games are great. which is true, but uh
companies, corporations owe people good
products
because they shouldn't really exist as
giant mega conglomerates if they're not
going to make something compelling. They
should just not exist if that's not
going to be the case. Um but that's not
how the world works. Um so most AAA
games are are dog [__] They're pretty
bad. Um,
Rockstar especially has a lot of really
popular games and a lot of them are also
just really hard to get into and like I
wouldn't say that they're like the
greatest things of all time. Rockstar
games tend to have, you know, very AAA
experience moments. They like to have
AAA game moments, you know. Um,
despite all of this, somehow
Red Dead 2
is like one of two AAA games in the last
10 years for me that I would consider
like the best
ever.
It's the It's It's Red Dead 2 and God of
War Ragnarok are like the two AAA games
that actually did something
that actually like decided to do
something good at the good in the
industry.
They live both of these games live up
very intensely to their AAA title.
Games like this shouldn't be special
because these companies have all the
resources to create this stuff. But
sadly that's not the case. So that said,
these games are special. And
I think Arthur Morgan's one of the best
characters I've ever experienced in
fiction, like period.
Just just really really really
incredible writing and acting on these
characters, especially Arthur Morgan.
So,
and I would say Red Dead is like in my
top 10 favorite games. What are my
thoughts on the Portal series? Well, I'm
kind of biased towards anything Valve
makes. So, obviously I love Portal.
Anyone who's who's been around me enough
knows that my greatest obsession is
HalfLife, though. And I don't need to
get into that so as to talk people's ear
off for another
You should play I think you should play
Halfife again on stream. I think you
play it like three more times on a
stream maybe.
I mean, I'll probably play I'll probably
play both Halfife one and two again this
year on stream. I literally just did
another playthrough of both of them for
Stardust. So,
it's like I could just keep playing
them.
Need you strong.
You love playing.
Okay.
Didn't play Alex cuz I don't have VR and
I don't care about VR.
All right, let's head out. Frankly,
that's still interesting to me that you
like don't really care about
out here, Dutch.
We have to try. Stay close.
Alex is a little out.
We'll do our best to stick to the trail.
VR stuff, but he's absurdly good.
Two days or more like this now.
It has to blow over soon.
It has less good games, but it has some
really fun stuff.
Bridge coming up. Take it easy.
Can't believe we lost Davey, too. He's
the last one, Arthur. No more. We need
to get those people warm and fed. At
least we don't need to worry about
Pinkerton's tailing us in this.
Do you think Val will go to [__] after
Gabe dies? We'll be
I don't really feel like thinking about
that right now.
You need to help me pick the others back
up.
You're the only one I can rely on to
stay strong right now.
We got fire and shelter.
Hey, I think I see something up the
path.
You up ahead. Who's there?
Micah.
Oh my god. Come on, man.
Found anything?
I think so. Found a little homestead
down that way.
Okay. Anyone home?
Sure. Place is blazing with light and
noise. Sounded like a party.
Let's go see.
Follow me. Mm- How's Davey doing? Well,
he didn't make it. Nor did
Red did too if we killed Micah right
now.
Little Jenny.
That's too bad. Davey was a real
fighter. Both of them calendar boys is
or was.
Yeah.
And Mac Sean,
we don't know.
Quite a business.
Yeah.
I'm glad you're all right, Micah. Always
ask him if he's seen John.
Hey, have you seen John? Micah.
Didn't see much of anything once this
storm came in.
He hasn't seen him.
He'll be fine. Things always turn out
right for that boy.
I hope Mac and Shawn are still out there
somewhere, too. Move up, Arthur. I'll
cover the rear.
Oh,
you run into anybody else?
I I reckon we're the only ones crazy
enough to be out in this, Morgan.
Yeah, well, don't talk to me about
crazy.
Oh, so no. Glad you're all right. I was
worried, Micah. Look, it's all going to
work out, Morgan.
We lost a few folks, but that's just how
it goes sometimes.
Well, I'm glad you're feeling so good
about it.
Where are all the others?
Old mining camp back up the hill. Ain't
much, but you need shelter. So, this
house, you speak to the people there
already?
No. Like Dutch told us, look, but don't
talk to no one. Just following orders.
You know me,
right?
How much further?
Not far. What does that mean?
Not far.
Okay.
Arthur clearly hates M by the start of
this game.
It's just up ahead. Snuff and stash
those lanterns, boys. Best you two lie
low on this.
Okay, let's head down there.
Let's hitch up here.
Let me handle this. We don't want to
spook these fine people.
Someone's having fun in there.
What happened to snuffing the lantern?
It was just for Micah and Arthur, I
think.
Two, get yourself out of sight. One
lonely man is a lot less intimidating
than three nasty looking degenerates.
Micah, hide behind that wagon. Arthur,
you take that old shed on the left and
stay low, both of you.
Arthur, get in.
Hello.
Shut up, Billy.
Excuse me.
Hello. Oh, hello, friend.
What you want?
I am very sorry to disturb you. Uh, my
friends and I, well, we got into some
trouble up the way. Lost in the storm.
Ah, gentlemen,
we can't help you, mister.
I got folks. Arthur
Arthur, we got a problem,
folks.
There's a corpse right here.
Now, I I just
There's a body in the wagon.
I hear you. Just
gentlemen,
keep your eyes on Dutch.
I think you should
buddy.
Now, friend,
I ain't asking for much.
Please. I
Yeah. Look out. There's more to bastard.
There's another one shooting from the
window.
No, did I?
You sons of [__]
Get down.
We got a runner. See him, Arthur.
Arthur, I said I'd handle this. Didn't
seem to be going too well.
Goddamn O'Driscoll boys here.
Why? I don't know. Maybe same reason as
us.
Micah, go bring the horses closer to the
house. Arthur, let's go search the
cabin.
Smells like a party in here. Turn place
upside down. Grab as many supplies as
you can. We need the essentials. Food,
medicine, whiskey.
I'm starving.
You should eat something now. Get your
strength up for the ride back.
Give me the vegetables.
O'Driscolls. I don't believe it.
It's a strange one. All right. Maybe
they're hiding up here, too. There's a
big price on Cole O'Driscoll's head.
Nearly as big as the one on yours.
Wanting Colton dead is about the only
thing me and Uncle Sam agreed on. Huh.
Looks like the poor bastard was married
too some point.
If we can't eat it or drink it, put it
down.
But what if we can buy with it?
How about that? Ever think of that?
Place is dry and warm. We could maybe
move the women and Jack down here.
Maybe. We'll see how they are when we
get back. I don't really want us to
split up.
I'm going to start packing the horses.
You keep looking.
I'll keep looking. Veronaut.
Grab anything you think we can use. Then
meet me out here.
I still can't do my like my Witcher
sense.
Those them damn O'Driscoll boys.
Micah. Arthur, keep looking for stuff.
Arthur, go see if there's anything in
that barn. Micah, you search the cabin.
See what we missed.
Sure.
bastard shot my cousin.
Well, he started it. I'm going to break
your neck.
Technically, we started it, but
what's going on now?
This guy just jump me. Oh,
didn't he now?
Sneaky little bastard. Should I kill
him?
No,
not yet.
Find out what they're doing here and
where Cole is.
Oh, this son of a [__] will talk.
Where's Cole? Morisco
with the others at an old mining camp
southwest of here near the lake.
What are you bastards doing? Why are you
up here?
We're fixing to rob some train. Going to
blow the tracks. I don't know more than
that. I swear.
Well, I would say it looks like you have
this, Arthur. Do what you want with him.
I don't care. But bring that horse when
you're done.
I don't know anything else.
Get the hell out of here. Go.
Where's my hat?
Easy.
Take it easy there.
Yeah. Okay, boy.
You're okay, boy.
My favorite favorite type [__]
You let him go, huh? Saw all the little
bastards curry and all.
Yeah, figured he won't get far in this
anyway.
That looks like a decent horse. You
should keep him. Tie him up over there,
Arthur.
Get away from me,
Michael. What the hell do you think
you're doing?
Oh, look what I found in the cellar.
Wild ain't you?
Leave her alone.
I wasn't doing nothing. She's one of
them O'Drisco.
No, she ain't. Michael, look at her.
Miss. Miss, are you
Of course. Of course. Micah did this.
Miss now. It is going to be okay. We
mean you. No harm. Miss. Please.
Come on. It'll be okay. We need to get
out of here and quick. Come on now.
So, wait. Is this Satie?
Are you okay? Mitch,
they came 3 days ago.
It is.
And my husband, they
I don't think I promised that this was
safe. Crazy.
And you can't stay here.
You come with us. Carson,
it's okay. We're bad men. We ain't them.
It's okay.
Get on. We'll keep you safe until you
figure out what you want to do.
That's crazy considering Satie.
What's your name?
Arthur's power level.
Miss
Adler.
Sadie. Adler.
Mrs.
He
was my husband.
Oh, [__] this game. Oh, [__] this game.
And it's Joker tricks.
I don't know. Like just
Hey, somebody's coming.
Knowing who Sadie is, this whole is mad,
man.
Hey everybody, Dutch is back. How'd you
get on? Uh Micah found a homestead, but
we weren't the first. Cole O'Driscoll
and his scum, they beat us to it.
We found some of them there, but there
is more about apparently
scouting the train. Thank you.
That's the last thing we need right now,
Judge.
Well, it is what it is. But we found
some supplies, some blankets, a little
bit of food, and this poor soul. Mrs.
Adler, Miss Tilly, Miss Karen, would you
warm her up? Give her a drink or
something.
Kill you.
It's going to be okay. You're safe now.
She could kill you.
They turned her into a widow. Animals.
I need some rest. I haven't slept in 3
days.
You're over here. Miss O'Shea will show
you the way. Mr. Morgan, we put you in a
room over here.
Thank you, Miss Grimshaw.
Mr. Bell, you're with the fellas over
there.
What? How come Arthur gets a room and I
get a bunk bed next to Bill Williamson
and a bunch of [__] Get yourself to
bed.
Oh, so that's the one. Michael was the
one who is who said the racism at the
beginning. I remember that line. I
completely forgot. This was all.
So, welcome.
Yeah,
I completely forgot.
He ain't been seen in days. Weather
ain't let up.
He's strong and he's smart. Strong at
least.
Hello, Arthur.
Abigail.
Arthur, how you doing?
Just fine, Abigail.
And you?
I need you to I'm sorry. I'm sorry to
ask, but
it's little John. He's got himself
caught into a scrape again.
He ain't been seen in two
two days.
Your John will be fine.
I mean, he may be as dumb as rocks and
as dull as rusted iron, but that ain't
changing because he got caught in some
snowstorm.
Please go take a look, Javier.
Yes,
Javier, will you ride out with Arthur to
take a look for John? You're the two
best fit men we've got
now. She's We're all Yeah, we're pretty
worried about him. I know
the situation were reversed and
he'd look for me.
Thank you.
So, it's John way s of the star. Huh?
This way. Last I know, John was headed
up the river.
For all we know, he kept riding north
and never looked back.
He wouldn't leave. Not like that. Well,
it wouldn't be the first time.
The longest I haven't slept is 4 to 5
days.
It's never cuz I want to.
13 days is a lot.
Hey, I see some smoke. Come on, let's
take a look.
Let's hope it ain't more of Brisco's
boys.
Well,
seems somebody left
recently
and
that way.
Sure. Well, come on then.
There's some tracks leading to the
river.
Yeah, Insomnia's.
Let's cross.
See, they continue up that way.
Insomnia is more of a [__] than most
people realize.
I I've seen people be like they only get
they'll they'll get four to five hours
of sleep in one night and be like, "Holy
[__] I have insomnia." It's like, "No,
that is that is not insomnia, my
friend."
You think it's John?
You tell me. These are horse tracks for
sure, but could be anyone. Let's just
see where they lead.
So,
you were there, Javier.
What really happened on that boat?
We had the money. It seemed fine. Then
suddenly they were everywhere.
Bounty hunters.
No, Pinkerton.
It was crazy. Raining bullets.
Watch out for this crevice.
Dutch killed a girl in a
bad way, but it was a bad situation.
That ain't like him, though.
We continue along the cliff wall here.
Davey got shot. Mac and John both shot,
too. Sean, we don't even know. I'm
surprised we escaped at all. By the time
you boys showed up from the other side
of town, we were only just holding on.
Bad business. All right.
Damn snow's coming in hot again.
We'll lose these tracks if we don't move
fast.
Good thing I already know where John is.
Javier,
watch yourself. It's not very wide here.
My new game plus t my new game plus
senses are tingling out here.
Come on, boy.
Horses are struggling.
Yeah, a lot of fresh snow here.
I don't know about this, Javier. I mean,
we can't follow nothing.
Let's push on a little bit. Maybe we'll
pick up the trail again.
Almost there. Come on now.
Hey, look over there. You see that?
John was riding that horse when we left
Blackwater.
Let's see if he can hear us.
Come on up there.
You all see this?
Dorothy, take a chill pill.
It's coming from up ahead somewhere.
I don't think we can go much for now.
Gwen walks.
Okay.
I grab that shotgun.
Explodes.
Who knows what's up there?
Explodes into a billion tiny pieces.
No.
Getting that gun.
Down this way.
You sure about this?
Over here.
It's coming from this way.
Okay.
Watch out here.
that we're high up here. You're telling
me
how are we? Here's a question. Are they
not getting altitude sickness from this?
This is really tall.
Careful. There's a drop here.
It's slippery. Be careful.
Watch your head here.
Okay, good. Now,
watch your step. This is real slippery.
Stay close to the wall. Up this way.
Gap here. Hey,
over here.
That sounds closer now. Come on.
We're coming, John.
Air hasn't been invented yet. Oh, okay.
Damn, it's cold.
How did John get over here? That is a
really good question.
How you doing? I'm miserable.
Been a tough few days.
I know.
Here, take a drink of this. Thanks.
I'm not designed for this snow.
Let's keep moving then.
Theoretically, would alcohol make this
situation easier?
John, you there.
John, can you hear me?
John,
come here. Out of the ledge.
That's John. We're coming
down here.
down here. All right. Hot down, Marston.
That's quite a scratch you got there.
Never thought I'd say this, but good to
see you, Arthur Morgan.
You don't look so good. I don't feel too
good neither.
I'm freezing.
Don't die just yet, cowboy.
Come on, Compare.
Well, we can't go back the way we came.
Let's try this way. Ain't you a sorry
side.
Can't argue with you there.
See, I told Dutch you weren't the right
man for this.
I'm sure you did.
You all right?
I don't think so.
I didn't save the alcohol for where they
found.
Maybe this will lead us out.
I mean, the best they could do is just
give him a sip of it.
Whiskey doesn't disinfect that good.
Look up there.
The ethanol is not concentrated enough.
I'll distract him while you get to the
horses. Go draw them off.
Hey, John. Come on. Let's get you on
that horse.
We're getting you out of here. Hey,
nice and easy
over here.
Stay there.
Good work, Arthur.
Okay, let's get going before any more of
these bad guys show up.
Come on then. Let's get back to the
others.
And so wolf dinner,
right?
I don't feel too good.
You'll be fine. It's just like a a dog
but
knew a fella got bit by a dog died an
hour later.
You ain't going to die.
Not yet.
You ain't going to die. You still have
Red Dead one to be in.
More coming down the hill.
Get the hell out of here. Get out.
[__] There's more on the right. We got
more wolves on the left.
Oh, F150.
Get out of here.
You see any more, Arthur?
Don't think so.
Jesus. You still with us, Marston?
Just about.
You're going to be okay. We have some
shelter now.
Thanks for coming for me.
Of course. That bullet in Blackwater,
now this. You had a hell of a time.
And Arthur always says I'm lucky. None
of us are lucky right now.
Should ride in the water for a bit. Try
to lose a scent. Don't want to leave a
trail right back to camp, you know.
We're going to need to come up with a
better story for that scar.
So freezing, bleeding, starving, damn
near getting eaten to death ain't good
enough for you. Here, let's cross to the
left.
Yeah. Come on. Let's push hard and get
back.
See those buildings up ahead, John?
That's where we camped. Nearly there.
Come on. Someone help John down off this
horse.
Can we get some help here?
Can we get some help? We need some help
here.
Come on. Help him down.
You're alive. You're alive. Come on.
Here we go. There we go.
Ah, you careful in your It's his leg.
Oh, come on. Let's get you warm. Thank
you. Thank you both.
This is a new loan, even by your
standards.
Thank you, Arthur.
Thank you.
You got any other lost maidens need
saving?
Not today.
Have you and Dutch talked about how
we're going to get out of this?
I was just discussing with Harris
Strauss. When the weather breaks, I
suppose we'll have to keep heading east
into all that.
That's civilization.
I know the west is where our problems
are worse.
Come on here, Strauss. Let's get warm.
Thank you, Mr. Morgan.
Hello, Strauss. You piece of [__]
We have been running for weeks.
We found shelter and been resting here
in some old abandoned mining town while
we wait the thaw.
Hardly the spring I had been hoping for.
So what now, Dutch?
We get strong, we get warm,
we wait.
When the storm breaks, we move. But
we're safe here.
Warm enough,
I guess.
You sound doubtful.
Not doubtful, just worried.
We have been shot at before, Hosea. I
don't feel that this is honestly
anything new.
I hope not.
We had a bit of bad luck, but then the
storm covered our tracks. So, now we
wait a bit and we go back water and we
get
Morning, Arthur.
How are you feeling?
Cold, but
I'll live. Heading east.
Good.
Just going to try and stay warm
for now.
We got this.
We're safe.
Stay strong, Jose.
I Throughout my first playthrough, I
felt like these two were gay for each
other.
How you feeling, Jose? You've been
coughing a lot. That's the cold.
Thank you for bringing John back.
Of course.
Okay. Well, try to stay warm.
All right, Arthur.
Okay, Dutch. Thank you. Thank you for
bringing John back.
Old man.
Finally, some relief. He's beat up, but
he'll be all right. I hope.
Well,
bye. Peace.
Just hang in there.
All right, then.
Yeah. Okay, boy.
Horse.
It's okay.
You're safe now.
She'll be okay, Arthur.
I'm sure she will, Mary Beth.
You okay there, Karen?
Fine, but I would kill for a whiskey.
You ain't wrong.
Well, try to stay strong.
Sure. Keep warm, all of you. Keep warm.
Just a few more days and we'll get off
this hill.
I hope so. Stay strong.
It's been a nasty few days.
I know. And we've had tough times
before. We keep moving and we keep
together. Same as always. All of you.
Ain't that so, Mr. Morgan?
Of course.
How's he doing?
He's okay.
He just needs some rest.
Choose again that will rock.
Keep warm. He seeketh unto him a cunning
work.
You doing okay now?
Graven image.
I think so.
Shall not be moved.
Thank you. Of course.
Have you not known? Have ye not heard?
Hath it not been told to you from the
beginning?
Have ye not understood from the
foundations of the earth?
Is it he that siteth upon the circle of
the earth and the inhabitants of the
earth?
What is he yapping about? I don't know.
That's what he always does.
Stay alert there, Javier.
Another cold morning.
How are you doing? I'm okay. Better than
most.
We're going to starve to death up here,
Mr. Morgan.
We're okay.
We have a few cans of food and a rabbit
for what? 10 12 people
when I was in the Navy.
I I do not wish to hear about what you
got up to in the Navy, Mr. Pearson.
We were stranded at sea for 50 days.
And you unfortunately survived.
When we ran away from Blackwater, I
wasn't able to get supplies in.
Well, when government agents are hunting
you down, sometimes shopping trips need
to be cut short. We'll survive. We
always have.
If needs be, we can eat you. You're the
fattest.
I sent Lenny and Bill hunting and they
found nothing. Well,
Lenny's more into book learning than
hunting. Bill's a fool. Unless those
mountains are full of game that want to
read. Ain't no wonder they found
enough of this. We'll go find something.
Come on, Arthur.
Wait a second. Hold on.
Yeah.
Here. You're going to need something out
there. It's like I
sorted salted awful.
Starving would be preferable.
Come on, let's go.
You can't go hunting. Look at your hand.
I can't stay here listening to you two.
Look, if this game in those hills, I'll
find it. And you can kill it.
You need to rest, Charles.
You think this is rest?
Come along.
Charles also such a great great
character. I I [__] love him.
You take this. I can't use it and you'll
have to. Oh, you're joking. Use a gun
and we'll scare off every animal for
miles around. You're never too old to
learn, I imagine.
All right, let's head out.
How are you holding up, Charles?
I'm okay, apart from this hand. Stupid
mistake.
Still bad.
It'll be fine in a day or two. I just
can't pull a bow right now.
I sure hope I can. Never really got the
hang of it. You'll be fine.
So,
you reckon we're going to find something
to kill that ain't an O'Drisk? Huh?
There's meat up here for sure. Pearson
doesn't know what he's talking about.
Now the weather's eased off a bit,
they'll be needing to feed.
We'll head up this way. Find some higher
ground.
Been a wild few days. It's all right.
That ride north from Blackwater, getting
stuck in the storm, bringing John back
in. You've had a lot put on you. I wish
I could have done more.
I didn't mean it like that. Just a lot
to think back on. I still don't really
know what happened on that boat. Me
neither.
Well, Javier told me a bit, but it sure
weren't good.
There's some patches of grass here. This
is good.
Let's look down this way.
The wind's died down, too.
That's good.
No wind at all is bad, but if it's too
strong, it won't move. No sh stay quiet.
Hey, stop here a second. I see
something.
Hold.
There's deer been here
recently.
How can you tell?
How can they not?
Let's walk it from here.
You're going to need the bow. Don't
leave it on your horse. A gun will scare
everything around.
No, use the bow I gave you. I don't Too
much noise. Quiet as you can. Stay low
and move slowly.
You see the tracks?
I think so. Maybe not.
Focus.
It's easier in the snow, but once you
get your eye in, you'll be able to track
nearly as well in grass and woods.
Wait, look. There they are.
Quick, get that bow out, Arthur.
Aim for their head or neck. We want a
good, clean kill.
You can pull back quite hard.
That's okay. Try again.
Take the shot.
Focus. We need this meat.
[__] Okay, quick scope.
Why are we playing this game again? Cuz
it's good and I can do whatever I want.
See if you can get another one.
Did you ever ever actually complete the
story? Yeah.
Including the John epilogue.
Well done. I think that's all we can
carry.
No, I can carry more.
Okay, you pick up one, I'll get the
other.
You sure your hand's okay?
H, it'll be fine once I get it on my
shoulder.
Okay, I'll go grab the other one.
I'm also just playing this right now
since we're in between games. I'm going
to do one shot next.
I'm going to get this packed on my horse
dog.
That you do it, boy.
I love littering.
Okay, boy.
Yeah.
Ready to head back when you
the [__] phrase. I'm new to the to
the and we love to play GIF. Like I'm
new to this.
Come on then. Let's head back.
Nice work, Arthur. Should be enough meat
here to keep us all fed for a few days.
You found him.
I knew you'd be okay with that bow.
It's easier when they ain't shooting
back.
What are you doing?
Watch it.
We've seen enough of that.
Considering how things were looking a
couple of days back.
Well, maybe our luck is finally on the
turn.
Seems to me we should be putting our
effort into getting off this mountain
now.
Soon.
People are still weak. And you've seen
how snowed in those wagons are. They
ain't going nowhere until we get some
more thaw.
You're probably right. And even if we do
get off here, that still have a big
price on our heads.
This is a big country. We'll find
somewhere to lie low. Dutch and Jose
will have a plan.
Notice how Pearson's had a bottle in his
hand ever since we fled Blackwater. We
give the camp cook 5 minutes to grab the
essentials and go. And he doesn't even
bring a crumb of food.
Good that we caught more than one. A lot
of mouths to feed. That girl from the
ranch now, too. But
not sure if she'll be eating much.
Oh yeah, this is like my second play
through now, but this game is enormous.
You would too. She lost her husband, her
home, everything she had. Oh. So, what
do we do with her?
Once we get out of here and we're back
on our feet, we'll see. She might have
family somewhere.
So, it was O'Driscolls you ran into
there?
Yeah.
Last thing we was expecting.
What is it with the O'Driscolls?
You ain't dealt with them? I suppose. We
ain't run into them much the last 6
months.
I guess because they've been over this
way.
I've heard a lot of talk about them.
Well,
we've been scrapping over scores with
them for years. Big gang. Nasty sons of
[__] Their leader, comb, and Dutch
go way back. And not in a good way. A
proper blood feud. So I heard.
That's a bear.
Watch out. Bear up ahead. Let's see if
we can find another way around.
He's got a lot of meat on him.
We've got enough here. No need to push
our luck.
You must be real hungry. Stay well back.
Spring storms like this are the worst
for animals that sleep all winter.
Yeah, we're we're playing just for now.
Cut up here off the trail.
Settle down, boy.
Maybe you choose PlayStation 5 over
Xbox.
We ain't never told
it the better games mostly.
How long you been with us now? Five, six
months, something like that. Bet you
didn't expect this.
Xbox doesn't really have games
any of this. Exclusives,
I should say.
Being up here. Ah,
sooner or later a job's going to go
wrong. Nature of life.
I just thought you might have moved on
by now.
You want me to move on?
No. No, not at all. I just I know you
can run it alone. No problem.
I did that for a long time. Thing is
with Xbox, if they buy a company, just
say goodbye to it. It's sort of done.
Done with it. Always wondering if
someone's going to kill you in your
sleep.
I still wonder that. Most
could be worse. Could have a Switch 2.
Switch 2 already has the new Donkey Kong
game and the new Mario Kart game. Sorry,
it's still better than Xbox.
That's
I reckon you're okay. This suits me.
Sure, I could fall in with another gang,
but Dutch,
you know. And yeah, I don't have room
for a for a gaming PC, especially
because my main machine is a Mac and I
need Mac for like making music and doing
that kind of work. So,
since most of my work is creative work,
unfortunately, Windows isn't good
enough. Um, which means the trade-off is
that gaming is a lot harder.
So, if I'm going to have to have a
console, it's just not going to be Xbox.
Dutch is different.
Oh yes, Dutch is certainly different. He
treats me fair. Most of you do. And for
a fellow with a black father and an
Indian mother, that ain't normally the
case.
Well,
we need you now. More than ever. Good.
And how long have you been with these
boys? Why ain't you run off me?
20 years. Something like that.
since I was a boy.
20 years.
Yeah.
He taught me to read.
John, too. Taught me a few other things.
Him and Hosea.
Huh?
I'm sure. Dutch saved me.
Saved most of us. That's why we need
We can stop dissing the hell out of Xbox
if you can find a way to defend it.
to stick by him through this. He always
sees us right.
How's that new horse?
He's all right. He'll do for now.
I appreciate you letting me take Taima
the other night. She's a strong one.
Xbox used to be hard on the horses.
Incredible for it exclusives.
I don't know what Dutch would do if
back when Halo was a good game. Same
with Bill and Brown Jack. He's a drunk,
miserable bastard, but he loves that
horse,
huh? I hope they all make it. I tried to
ride the count once.
Hook me faster than a bull. Won't take
nobody but him.
Easy.
Gears is boring to me.
I'm going to hitch him over here.
Brought some food back, boys.
Yeah, 360 was definitely the generation
winner.
But that was the last time it would do
that.
Come on, let's get these over to
Pearson. Oh, thank you for showing me
how to use the bow properly.
I only showed you a little. Takes a
lifetime of practice to master.
Well, well, well.
Just drop it down in here.
Hey, man.
What a surprise. Find a camp rat
loitering around in the kitchen.
Is that any way to greet an old friend?
I feel like we haven't spoken for days.
I do my utmost to avoid you. A
He loves me. Really? It's his sad way of
showing affection.
No, it isn't. Now shoot. Get lost.
Well, see you gents later.
See, you got on just fine. Charles is a
wonder. Have a drink, boys. You earned
it.
Jesus. What is that? Navy rum, sir. It's
the only thing. The only thing
keeps you sane. It does.
Seems to have done a treat on you. You
go rest that hand, Charles. I'll be fine
in a few days.
You mind helping me with the skinning,
Mr. Morgan? It's easier if we do it
together.
I'll get to skin you.
You're always one with the jokes, aren't
you? Come on.
This really isn't a job for a man with a
burnt hand. I'll see you both later.
You skin that one. You get dumped on the
floor there. You told me to dump it on
the floor, [__]
Huh?
Not too bad, Mr. Morgan. Yeah, they
always said you were a butcher. You
know, you could trade these or sell
these and pretty much anything if you're
looking to make a legitimate bit of
money. Of course, your better bet is to
get a gaming off this mountain alive.
Well, if you catch anything else, you
bring it to me.
Sure.
Thank you, Mr. Morgan. Heck, Arthur
Morgan's first decent bit of hunting
after all these years. Yeah. Well, we're
on the run now. Everyone's got to do
their bit to survive. Just make a good
stew. Folk need it. It's been a tough
few days.
Okay.
Arthur Mark Morgan talking to Carl Weer.
Um, okay.
Okay.
I feel like making some noises.
I don't I don't think I've seen that
video. Comment.
Does not sound like I have
Carthur. We
have this. Does this work?
What is this?
This camera is invisible.
We make fish huser. Yeah, good idea.
Um,
there's the camera. camera.
Oh, I got it now.
See if we can crop this. It's not taking
up too much space.
That's fine.
I guess it can just be the uh
help.
Yes, it's fine.
That's something
Okay. around this again.
Heat up here.
Heat.
Hey, hey, hey.
Banga bang.
Hey,
hey, hey.
Heat. Heat.
Hello everyone CL.
Oh, okay.
I like this.
Oh, was that DC?
It's crunching that DC really hard.
That's kind of an undesirable sound, but
I kind of like it for whatever reason
right now.
The question is, is that occurring on
the wave table end or the comb filters
end? You can find out by doing
reduce.
Okay, it is just is the wave two one.
Can I do for like this?
Yeah.
H.
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey.
Hey,
hey,
hey.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Hey,
hey, hey.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Heat. Heat.
Yeah.
Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey.
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat. N.
Heat.
Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
Hey, hey, hey.
Heat. Heat.
He
la.
Heat.
Hey,
hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Heat. Heat.
Okay. Maybe shitty guitar now.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
I don't even know if I can do any piano
as far as I can go. Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Heat
up
here.
Heat
up
here.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Heat
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Heat up
here.
Heat up here.
Shout out to annoying me.
Heat. Heat.
Oh,
I think I cut my I cut I don't know you
can see this. I cut my finger. I mean my
hoof. It was like fine.
What is it this time?
Immersion broken. Sorry,
it's sparkle.
something like that.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Oh. Get up.
Come on.
Where am I?
Hey,
hey, hey.
Get out. Get out.
Hey,
hey, hey.
Heat. Heat.
All
right. Heat.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat. N.
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Hey, Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Okay. How silly. How quaint.
Uh, I think I'll end stream now. Uh,
silly sounds. Not really interested in
any of them, but they're fun, I guess.
Thanks for coming on.
And uh,
I'm so sleepy.
Goodbye.